
Linescript is a unique, Turing-complete esolang that operates on dynamically written code, where the structure and manipulation of lines play a central role.Linescript does not have variables in the conventional sense; instead, code execution is dictated by direct line manipulation, and there is no direct flow. Multiple statements can be written on a single line, separated by semicolons, and execution begins at line 1.The language features methods, which perform actions, and functions, which return values. Notably, all values are treated as strings by default until they must be interpreted as integers, which are represented in binary. 
The methods are write(x,y) where it sets line x to the String y. The delete(x) deletes line x, and pushes every line down so if you delete line 3 in a six line program line 3 becomes line 4 line 4 5 and 5 6 then 6 is deleted. createline(x) takes an int and creates a new line at that int. All lines after that line are pushed down. So if you have a program with code at line 1-5 and you createline(3) a new line is created at 6, then line 6 is set to 5, 5 to 4, 4 to 3 and 3 to empty. run(x) takes an int and runs the line at that int. There is output(x) where x is a string and it outputs the string.
The functions are segment(x,y,z) which takes 3 ints, and returns the substring from x to y inclusively at line z. There is cmp(x,y) which returns 0 if x!=y and 1 if x==y where x and y are strings. input  has the user input a string and returns the input. There is getline(x) which returns the length of the line x. There is line which returns the current line.There is concat(x,y)which returns xy where x and y are strings.
 If you try to run a line that does not exist there is an error. If it runs a line with invalid syntax nothing is done. It starts by running line 1. By default everything is a string till it has to be an int meaning it is passed as an argument to something that takes ints.Ints are binary. You can use functions as an argument, although of course if they would have an incorrect return it throws an error. Errors terminate the program.
General clarifications: don't use quotes everything is by default a string. When an argument needs to be an int as a string it casts it to a binary int. Imagine execution as a stack, at the beginning line 1 is put on the stack and run(x) puts line x statement 0 on the stack. When a statement is finished it puts the next statement in the line onto the stack, unless there is no next statement. So if you have like a;b;c;run(111);d; it would do a then b then c then run line 7 then do d. It terminates when there is nothing on the stack.
